disaster is brewing in the US right now
you're watching a collapse take place in
slow motion there is so much debt in
this system and I'll cover some of that
today that it simply cannot stand for
too much longer money printing only gets
you so far we've seen that historically
throughout so many countries in fact
we're seeing it today in many of third
world countries that are trying to print
their way back to some sort of stability
and of course it never works let's go
into why the US economy is dead the SNP
500 lands at 8we low Europe slowdown
ways so let's see what um CNBC decided
to say it's highlighted concern about
the slowdown in global growth
highlighted by the IMF forecast this
morning and whether earnings will keep
growing there concerned as well as I'm
concerned and the earnings are all
fraudulent if you've ever read the book
infectious greed by by Frank partnoy
you'll know how these earnings are
completely fraudulent they just make
them up and decide when to post their
bad earnings and it's usually postponed
into some sort way down into the future
it's all fake at the bottom they said
the economic dat dat from Germany and
France in particular has been weaker
than expected that's the way they tend
to bring out this news they always have
this weaker than expected or better than
expected and you look at it and the
numbers are really insignificant when
you start looking at the real data when
you have 20 plus% unemployment in
certain countries their economic data
that maybe Rises by 0.5% or whatever it
might be is almost completely
insignificant you have major a major
catastrophe going on right now and these
small percentages these small ideas that
they have aren't going to fix anything
you need a complete overhaul of the way
they do business of course that's not
going to happen now speaking of this
what I wanted to talk about was what I
wrote about in my book Rising interest
rates will mean slower growth in the
economy because less people are
borrowing money and spending governments
will have to pay more on their interest
payments isn't that very interesting
you're looking at a country that is
completely indebted right now how in the
world could it ever sustain increased
interest rates I was just talking about
this with an individual I was Consulting
today and actually it was brought to my
attention that these countries or these
economists that are talking about this
generally in the Austrian Camp are
suggesting that they will never increase
the interest rates and of course the
econ economy cannot be sustained without
these low interest rates but as we saw
back in 1980 they were forced to
increase the interest rates just to
quell the inflation we can expect that
to occur but we also have to pay
attention to what happens with the
economy we already have a Slowdown
taking place right here to an 8-week low
which is very healthy very natural but
if it continues to go this direction
then they will not be able to increase
the interest rates so and of course as
I've said before as I said uh in many
instances these will will not be such a
dramatic raising of the interest rates
you'll look at you know perhaps 0.1 or
0.25% interest and it will be very very
slow and they'll wait they will see if
this does anything regardless they're
printing up money they're giving it to
institutions all around the world even
though it's off balance sheet they are
able to prop up the system one way or
another I do believe that they could
very well stop the QE program and this
would only have them uh engaging in QE
later down the road qe1 QE2 they stopped
at least from what the public eye was
able to see and look what happened we
had a qe3 so of course the qe3 could
stop and we could have a qe4 the
interest rates can be risen today but
they can be lowered again tomorrow moral
so what I see regardless is the same old
story repeating over and over again I'll
move on quickly what we have is a big
problem here Obamacare is one of those
things you have a tax burden you have a
debt burden you have the government's
burden ultimately and that who has to
bear that is the taxpayer here are the
new taxes you're going to pay for
ObamaCare Business Insider talks about
this but you can research the fact that
there are
21 additional taxes that are taking
place because of Obamacare now of course
Obama said Obamacare was free but of
course that's not the case Nothing in
life is free 21 new taxes all for you
and of course the businesses are hurt by
this as well one of those businesses
being Walmart look what happened here
this is out of the AP Walmart Cuts
health benefits for some part- timr but
if you look at this it's saying it's
affecting I believe it was 30,000 the
move affects 30,000 employees now of
course that's only 5% of the part-time
Workforce however that's a big number
30,000 let's go on here talking about
burdened with a record amount of debt
student loans have hit a record high of
$1.2 trillion this is a bubble in itself
why is there this trillion doll fund
here let's call it that's going to be
used of course the the US government
will probably have to bail it out at
some point consider it an asset I'm sure
and they'll put it as part of their
asset back Securities collateralized
debt obligations it will somehow get
rolled into all of that that's probably
what's going to happen with this so
again the individuals are going to have
to the citizens are going to have to
shoulder this debt burden and the
individuals aren't getting good jobs
that's why they're suffering right now
and right here this is out of the
Washington examiner talking about
Judicial Watch suing for the Freedom of
Information Act the Obamas and uh Vice
President Joe Biden have charged
taxpayers over $40 million for vacations
think about it in 6 years how much have
you spent on your vacation well in this
instance here the President and Vice
President have spent $40
million that's the kind of luxury that
everyone wishes that they were involved
in but this right here is using the
government money and it's being used so
foolishly that's what's happening
there's a waste because we've allowed
this to happen we've allowed the
government structure to be built up
where you can have politicians and big
corporations coinciding and colluding
behind the scenes legally and of of
course this is going to be abused if you
found this informative I would hope that
you give me a thumbs up and of course
subscribe to the videos this is very
important to be a subscriber here I hope
that you would join the others over
7,000 of us now being a subscriber on
the money GPS please share these videos
with everyone you can and don't forget
to become an Insider the Insiders is
where I give out all my best Intel for
free that's available at the money
gps.com just scroll down to the bottom
fill in your email address and you'll
get occasional emails from me